Update Debian policy (#4633)
dotnet/dotnet-docker: documentation/supported-platforms.md

Each distribution (distro) has a unique approach to releasing, schedule, and end-of life (EOL). This prohibits the definition of a one-size-fits-all policy. Instead, a policy is defined for each supported distro.

- Alpine — support latest and retain support for the previous version one quarter (3 months) after a new version is released.

> - Debian — support the latest *stable* version at the time a `major.minor` version of .NET is released. As new *stable* versions are released, support is added to the latest .NET version and latest LTS (if they differ) via an opt-in tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Debian — support the latest *stable* version at the time a `major.minor` version of .NET is released. As new *stable* versions are released, support is added to the latest .NET version and latest LTS (if they differ) via an [OS-specific tag](supported-tags.md#os-tags-and-base-image-updates).
```
